frame no 0 - no anomoly
frame no 1 - no anomoly
frame no 2 - no anomoly
frame no 3 - no anomoly
frame no 4 - no anomoly
frame no 5 - no anomoly
frame no 6 - no anomoly
frame no 7 - no anomoly
frame no 8 - no anomoly
frame no 9 - no anomoly
frame no 10 - no anomoly
frame no 11 - no anomoly
frame no 12 - no anomoly
frame no 13 - no anomoly
frame no 14 - no anomoly
frame no 15 - no anomoly
frame no 16 - no anomoly
frame no 17 - no anomoly
frame no 18 - no anomoly
frame no 19 - no anomoly
frame no 20 - no anomoly
frame no 21 - no anomoly
frame no 22 - no anomoly
frame no 23 - no anomoly
frame no 24 - no anomoly
frame no 25 - no anomoly
frame no 26 - no anomoly
frame no 27 - no anomoly
frame no 28 - no anomoly
frame no 29 - no anomoly
frame no 30 - no anomoly
frame no 31 - no anomoly
frame no 32 - no anomoly
frame no 33 - no anomoly
frame no 34 - no anomoly
frame no 35 - no anomoly
frame no 36 - no anomoly
frame no 37 - no anomoly
frame no 38 - no anomoly
frame no 39 - no anomoly
frame no 40 - no anomoly
frame no 41 - no anomoly
frame no 42 - no anomoly
frame no 43 - no anomoly
frame no 44 - no anomoly
frame no 45 - no anomoly
frame no 46 - no anomoly
frame no 47 - no anomoly
frame no 48 - no anomoly
frame no 49 - no anomoly
frame no 50 - no anomoly
frame no 51 - no anomoly
frame no 52 - no anomoly
frame no 53 - no anomoly
frame no 54 - no anomoly
frame no 55 - no anomoly
frame no 56 - no anomoly
frame no 57 - no anomoly
frame no 58 - no anomoly
frame no 59 - no anomoly
frame no 60 - no anomoly
frame no 61 - no anomoly
frame no 62 - no anomoly
frame no 63 - no anomoly
frame no 64 - no anomoly
frame no 65 - no anomoly
frame no 66 - no anomoly
frame no 67 - no anomoly
frame no 68 - no anomoly
frame no 69 - no anomoly
frame no 70 - no anomoly
frame no 71 - no anomoly
frame no 72 - no anomoly
frame no 73 - no anomoly
frame no 74 - no anomoly
frame no 75 - no anomoly
frame no 76 - no anomoly
frame no 77 - no anomoly
frame no 78 - no anomoly
frame no 79 - no anomoly
frame no 80 - no anomoly
frame no 81 - no anomoly
frame no 82 - no anomoly
frame no 83 - no anomoly
frame no 84 - no anomoly
frame no 85 - no anomoly
frame no 86 - no anomoly
frame no 87 - no anomoly
frame no 88 - no anomoly
frame no 89 - no anomoly
frame no 90 - no anomoly
frame no 91 - anomoly
frame no 92 - anomoly
frame no 93 - anomoly
frame no 94 - anomoly
frame no 95 - anomoly
frame no 96 - anomoly
frame no 97 - anomoly
frame no 98 - anomoly
frame no 99 - anomoly
frame no 100 - anomoly
frame no 101 - anomoly
frame no 102 - anomoly
frame no 103 - anomoly
frame no 104 - anomoly
frame no 105 - anomoly
frame no 106 - anomoly
frame no 107 - anomoly
frame no 108 - anomoly
frame no 109 - anomoly
frame no 110 - anomoly
frame no 111 - anomoly
frame no 112 - anomoly
frame no 113 - anomoly
frame no 114 - anomoly
frame no 115 - anomoly
frame no 116 - anomoly
frame no 117 - anomoly
frame no 118 - anomoly
frame no 119 - anomoly
frame no 120 - anomoly
frame no 121 - anomoly
frame no 122 - anomoly
frame no 123 - anomoly
frame no 124 - anomoly
frame no 125 - anomoly
frame no 126 - anomoly
frame no 127 - anomoly
frame no 128 - anomoly
frame no 129 - anomoly
frame no 130 - anomoly
frame no 131 - anomoly
frame no 132 - anomoly
frame no 133 - anomoly
frame no 134 - anomoly
frame no 135 - anomoly
frame no 136 - anomoly
frame no 137 - anomoly
frame no 138 - anomoly
frame no 139 - anomoly
frame no 140 - anomoly
frame no 141 - anomoly
frame no 142 - anomoly
frame no 143 - anomoly
frame no 144 - anomoly
frame no 145 - anomoly
frame no 146 - anomoly
frame no 147 - anomoly
frame no 148 - anomoly
frame no 149 - anomoly
frame no 150 - anomoly
frame no 151 - anomoly
frame no 152 - anomoly
frame no 153 - anomoly
frame no 154 - anomoly
frame no 155 - anomoly
frame no 156 - anomoly
frame no 157 - anomoly
frame no 158 - anomoly
frame no 159 - anomoly
frame no 160 - anomoly
frame no 161 - anomoly
frame no 162 - anomoly
frame no 163 - anomoly
frame no 164 - anomoly
frame no 165 - anomoly
frame no 166 - anomoly
frame no 167 - anomoly
frame no 168 - anomoly
frame no 169 - anomoly
frame no 170 - anomoly
frame no 171 - anomoly
frame no 172 - anomoly
frame no 173 - anomoly
frame no 174 - anomoly
frame no 175 - anomoly
